h1. Rails Templater

Rails Templater is a gem which generates new Ruby on Rails 3 applications the way you want them. Based on your choices, Rails Templater will create an application configured correctly. For example, if you select Mongoid for an ODM and RSpec for your testing framework, Rails Templater will generate all necessary hooks to handle dropping your collections from MongoDB. The project was inspired by ffmike's "BigOldRailsTemplate":http://github.com/ffmike/BigOldRailsTemplate Rails 2 template project.

h2. Install

  @gem install rails_templater@

h2. Usage

At the command prompt, create a new Rails application using the @templater@ command:

  @templater myapp_name@

h2. Generated Application

Rails Templater provides you with the following choices during application generation:

h3. Database

* "Mongoid":http://mongoid.org/ as your Object Document Mapper for MongoDB
* ActiveRecord as your Object Relational Mapper for Relational Databases

h3. Testing

* "RSpec":http://github.com/rspec/rspec
* TestUnit

h4. Matchers (optional)

* "mongoid-rspec":https://github.com/evansagge/mongoid-rspec for Mongoid RSpec matchers
* "shoulda-matchers":https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers for ActiveRecord matchers in RSpec/TestUnit
* "shoulda-context":http://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda-context for contexts in TestUnit

h4. Fixture Replacement

* "Fabrication":http://fabricationgem.org/
* "FactoryGirl":http://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl

h4. Integration Testing (optional)

* "Cucumber":http://github.com/aslakhellesoy/cucumber-rails

h4. Code Coverage

* "RCov":http://github.com/relevance/rcov (optional, only for Ruby 1.8)
* "CoverMe":https://github.com/markbates/cover_me (optional, only for Ruby 1.9)

h3. JavaScript

* "jQuery":http://jquery.com/
* "Prototype":http://www.prototypejs.org/

h3. Template Engine

* "Haml":http://haml-lang.com
* "Slim":http://github.com/stonean/slim
* ERB

h3. Sass Extensions (optional)

*  "Compass":http://compass-style.org as your stylesheet authoring framework

h2. Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix in a branch.
* Send me a pull request.
